Remove form from searchbox (#582)
canonical-web-and-design/react-components: src/components/SearchBox/SearchBox.stories.mdx

This is a [React](https://reactjs.org/) component for the Vanilla [SearchBox](https://docs.vanillaframework.io/patterns/search-box/).

> Search boxes enable search functionality on a page and are typically used in a navigation bar. SearchBoxes should be wrapped within a form element that handles its own submit action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search boxes enable search functionality on a page and are typically used in a navigation bar. SearchBox elements should be wrapped within a form element that handles its own submit action.
```
